---
num: "h00"
desc: "Bios and Photos"
ready: true 
assigned: 2018-04-05 9:30:00.00-8:00
due: 2018-04-11 08:00:00.00-8:00
---

<ol>



<li style="padding-bottom:1em;" markdown="1">(100 pts) In this assignment we ask submit a recent photo and bio to share with our students. The idea is to help them get to know you better. </li>
If you have already submitted this information to the instructor for your course there is nothing more you need to do.

(a) Upload your photo as a jpeg file to this [Mentor photos Google folder](https://goo.gl/emyCBN)
Use the naming convention CSXX-S18-FirstName-LastInitial.jpg, where XX is the course number that you are tutoring for, one of 08, 16, 24 32, or 56

(b) Write your bio and a welcome message (300 to 400 words): Introduce yourself (name, major and year). Write your preferred name if its different from your first name. Include your pronouns (i.e. he/him/his, she/her/hers, they/them/theirs).  Write about why you are excited about being a TA or tutor and what type of help you hope to offer students as part of the course. Mention other topics that you can offer advice on that contributes to student success in CS e.g. : research, student orgs, internships, projects, improving coding skills etc etc. Mention hobbies and interests outside academics! 

Save your bio in a .txt file, following the naming convention Bio-CSXX-S18-FirstName-LastInitial.txt and upload it to [the menotors bio Google folder](https://goo.gl/Jt9Fym)

For TAs: After the due date of this assignment, collate all the information for your course and publish it on the course website.

Samples of bios in previous courses are below:
* [CS16 W18](https://ucsb-cs16-w18.github.io/info/staff/)
* [CS8 W18](https://ucsb-cs8-w18-wang.github.io/info/staff/)

